Here we are with the rack of lamb.
So remember, here's
our indicator ribs from earlier.
OK, now our goal here
is to make this into a rack of lamb.
That means that if you look at it here,
see our two beautiful racks
and our spine in the middle.
If you look at it again, going back
this way,
the lamb shows
you where our first cut is going to be.
It's going to be right down the middle
here to separate these two racks.
And then we're going to peel
that meat away from this spine here
because you can see it. It's very thick
in the industry.
When you purchase racks of lamb
just by themselves,
you want to make sure that you specify
that the chine bone is removed.
That is this bone here,
because if it is not removed,
becomes really difficult
to cut it into portions later on.
So I'm going to start
by first removing these.
Beautiful.
OK, so
I'm going to start with a cut
that goes straight down the middle here.
Now this is the most expensive cut,
so you want to make sure
that you know where you're going.
So if my line starts up here,
it's a great idea
to check on the other side.
Is it still there?
Sure is.
I'll start straight down.
That's
a great sound,
it means I'm right against that spine.
So the other thing is that there is a bone
that comes straight up here,
so I want to be on either side of it.
That's a good sound.
Now, as I mentioned, you see, now
my two knife cuts are here and here.
Now what I want to do is kind of move this
meat away from that spine a little bit.
So I'm just going to
continue with that same cut,
but kind of turn a corner
a little bit similar
to how we did on the saddle.
We just look at it all the time
before we go cut it with our saw.
You can see that
the chops are separated here.